>> ROBERT PHOENIX: Welcome
to another edition of "The
Eleventh House."
I am Robert Phoenix, and I'm
channeling the divine harmony
of the Libra moon today,
since the moon is in Libra.
And I promise you
I will give you
a fair and balanced
representation of what
I'm about to share with you.
And what I'm about to share
with you is in my estimation
the blueprint for the latter
part of the 20th century.
It is the magical
blueprint and in
some ways a very dark
magical blueprint.
And it's called the
Babalon Working.
Now, the Babalon
Working, for those of you
who are familiar with Aleister
Crowley and the occult,
this is one of the more
well-known magical rituals
of the 20th century.
And we're going to
look at that today
from an astrological perspective
and from a cultural perspective
as well.
Now keep in mind this show
is going to be in two parts.
And the second
part of the show is
where we're really going to get
into how this has manifested
culturally and some of the
implications of the Babalon
Working moving forward.
So let's just talk about
the players for a moment.
Here we have Marvel
Whiteside Parsons, also known
as Jack Parsons, the son of
a wealthy Southern California
family who liked to explode
things when he was a kid.
And earlier today Jay
Weidner shared with me
an interesting fact that they
decided to send him to France
to study explosives,
and he thinks
with the alchemist Fulcanelli.
Well, Jack Parsons
eventually joins the Navy,
because he's got a military
mind, a technological mind.
And he's also deeply
involved in the OTO
and is slated to be the man, the
head of the OTO in the United
States by one Aleister Crowley.
And in the Navy he
meets this fellow.
Yes, that's L. Ron Hubbard,
who will eventually
found Scientology.
Now L. Ron Hubbard was working
Naval Intelligence at the time.
And the Navy thought
that Jack Parsons really
needed to be followed, and he
needed to hang out with him
and defriend him-- befriend
him rather, not defriend him.
You do that on Facebook--
befriend him and try
to figure out what Jack
Parsons was all about.
But L. Ron Hubbard,
he crossed the line.
He went rogue.
He got very interested
in Jack Parsons and magic
and the occult and especially
Jack Parsons' wife Marjorie
Cameron.
We're going to talk about
them in just a second.
There's a little
side story here.
Apparently L. Ron
Hubbard had a bet
going on with Robert
Heinlein, both of whom
became science fiction writers.
And the bet was who could
start their own religion first,
believe it or not.
And I think Hubbard beat
Heinlein to the punch.
Although Heinlein
write a better book
with "Stranger in
a Strange Land."
But L. Ron Hubbard becomes
friends with Jack Parsons,
and together they form a
trinity with Marjorie Cameron.
Now, Marjorie Cameron
is supposedly related
to the Cameron-Wilson
clan, which
shows up in the
Chronicles of Montauk.
Now we're going
to talk about that
in the second part of this show.
It's a very interesting
sort of detour
that also includes Pete Carroll,
the coach of the Seattle
Seahawks, and one quarterback
from the Seattle Seahawks
and Super Bowl XLVIII as well
as Philip Seymour Hoffman.
That's in episode number two.
That's called a tease.
Here we go.
This is Marjorie Cameron, L.
Ron Hubbard, Jack Parsons.
They form a trinity,
and together they
perform the Babalon
Working, a series
of rituals over three months.
And essentially
what they're doing
is they're using Crowley-esque
sex magic techniques where
they are in a magical
object or a magical diagram,
a magical geometrical shape.
We're going to look
at that later on.
So they're in that
magical square or circle.
It's actually a circle.
And while they're in there,
what they're doing is
they're staying up for
long periods of time,
and they're doing
incantations, and they're
trying to get Marjorie Cameron
into a hypnagogic state that
is slightly ecstatic for
long periods of time.
So they are literally kind of
trading off energies with her.
And the whole idea here
is for Marjorie Cameron
to bring a moonlet
into the 20th century.
The moonlet is a being.
It is an interdimensional being.
And this interdimensional
being would
be the reincarnation
of the Great Goddess.
And the reason why
they wanted to do this
was because they believed
that the patriarchy was
running roughshod
over the planet.
It was creating war.
It was creating crime.
It was creating most of the
problems of the 20th century
that we're dealing with
and had been doing it
for quite a long time.
So it was about the reemergence
or the reintroduction
of the Great Goddess.
Well, my sense is
is that they did it.
And we're going to look at
some of that-- not all of it,
but some of it-- in this
episode and a lot more
in episode number two.
Now eventually L Ron.
Hubbard runs off with
Marjorie Cameron,
and then Jack Parsons dies
in a very mysterious chemical
fire at JPL Laboratories.
But Jack Parsons becomes
a rocket scientist.
And not just any
rocket scientist.
His innovations
with solid fuels,
they create the modern
space program as we know it.
He comes up with a
special compound that
allows solids to be
introduced into liquids,
and those solids take the
rocket propulsion systems
of the Saturn V rocket,
the most famous rocket,
into the 20th century and
theoretically to the moon
and perhaps even beyond.
Now there is a story that Jack
Parsons used to take and draw
these satanic kind of
epigrammatic diagrams
and symbols inside the
boosters of these rockets
just so they could
fly higher or travel
with the fury and
the speed of hell.
Anyway, this his is chart.
Let's look at it briefly.
Of course he's got
Gemini on the ascendant.
This would be, I think, part
and parcel of a Jack Parsons
kind of personality
in a lot of ways.
And we also have up here
Jupiter and Uranus in Aquarius.
He was born, I
believe, on October 2.
In the Midheaven is
Aquarius, so he's really
invested in this movement
towards kind of a more Aquarian
world, which we find
a lot of people that
are social revolutionaries or
radicals of one shape or form
another are.
We have Sun down here in Libra,
and it's trining Jupiter,
and it's trining Uranus.
And so what he's
doing with the Sun
in Libra in the fifth
house, especially
with the trines to
Aquarius-- fifth house
is the house of romance and
heart and creativity, Libra
the sign of relationships--
he's forming unusual alliances,
right?
He's forming unusual alliances.
Uranus is strange.
It's different.
It's bringing a different
angle to his solar energy.
He was OK with this, I
think, to a large degree.
Why?
For the creation or the
propulsion of the Aquarian
dream, or his version
of the Aquarian dream.
Now what's also
interesting about his chart
is he's got a great
grand trine in water.
He's got Moon at the
end here in Pisces.
And then he's got Neptune,
which is out of sign
trine because it's in
Leo, but still there's
the water aspect to it,
and then Venus in Scorpio.
And we see Venus in Scorpio
in the trinity between him
and Hubbard and
Marjorie Cameron.
And it's in the sixth house,
so I believe that he saw this--
And there's the moonlet, right?
There's the moonlet.
There's Neptune, which is
intoxication, inebriation,
seduction.
It's trining.
It's trining it in Leo.
And we see here the trinity
between possibly Cameron--
and the Moon in
Pisces, by the way,
would be Hubbard, because L. Ron
Hubbard is a Pisces-- Marjorie
Cameron and Jack Parsons.
There's the trinity, Venus in
Scorpio in service of a work,
the sixth house, the
perfection of a work.
We also see here the T-square,
with Mercury and Mars squaring
off against Uranus and Jupiter
and Neptune intoxication
with drugs.
Jack Parsons might have had
some anger issues as well.
So he's got this strong trine
with two planets of water
and out of sign trine
with Neptune in Leo.
And then we have the T-square,
which provides in a lot of ways
the combustion to the chart.
He's a rebel.
He's got Uranus squaring
his Mercury, Uranus
squaring his Mars.
That's a rebellious aspect.
And he's also, in some
ways-- this is interesting,
because now we're
getting into how
he decodes mystical information.
And with this
square to Neptune, I
would think that Jack Parsons
could not trust everything
that he believed or everything
he might have received
with this square from
Mercury to Neptune.
He'd have to double-check
and verify his sources.
And then we have
the square to Pluto.
The Pluto-Moon square
is interesting,
because it's intensity.
It's emotion.
And people that have
Pluto-Moon squares
are not afraid of intense
emotional encounters.
And apparently what happened
during the Babalon Working
is that over a period of months,
L. Ron Hubbard eventually
received the entire
download of "Dianetics."
Let's take a look at
Hubbard's chart here.
It's a fascinating chart.
It almost looks like
a Star of David.
But what do we see?
We see again the trine.
We have Jupiter in
Scorpio, Neptune in Cancer.
This is a true water trine,
a true Grand Water Trine.
So we have the trine.
It's headed in a
different direction.
It's headed down.
It's headed down
into the third house.
And we have the
T-square, again almost
in exactly the same
place as Jack Parsons.
Parsons' was a little bit
further up here, well,
much further up into
the ninth house.
And then on the
Midheaven is Libra,
and that's where
Jack Parsons' Sun is.
So Jack Parsons
plays a huge role
in the life of L. Ron
Hubbard, obviously.
And we see his
Piscean, Captain Ron,
we see all of his
Piscean influence
here with Sun conjunct Mercury
and then the trine to Jupiter.
And here he's got
the trine to Neptune.
Of the two, L. Ron
Hubbard was probably
a little more psychic
than Jack Parsons.
And certainly this could
be the download channel
for "Dianetics," from
Neptune to Mercury down here
in the third house.
What's also really interesting
about the third house
is the third house is
representative of Gemini.
Well, it's Gemini's
house, right?
That's what it is.
And one of the things that
we associate with Gemini
is spycraft and espionage and
surveillance and listening
to people.
And in the early days of
Scientology in the late '50s
and early '60s when L. Ron
Hubbard was hanging out
with people like Errol Flynn
and the author of James Bond
and "Chitty Chitty Bang
Bang," Ian Fleming,
they were his buddies, one of
the things that Scientology
was doing is they
started to do the audits.
Before there was
psychology, there
was "Dianetics," which was
a very successful book.
It was probably one of
the first self-help books
that had some kind of
mystical bent to it.
And it sold millions of copies.
He made a lot of
money off of it.
So people used to send him
checks in the mail and money
because they were
thanking him for his book.
So he had to start
a nonprofit to kind
of move that money along, hence
the Church of Scientology.
And so, of course,
what Scientology does
is it does audits.
And the audits are based on kind
of a galvanic skin response,
almost like a lie detector.
And so they would
take these audits,
and they would use
this technology,
and they would use it
with foreign diplomats.
And this is a true story.
And the foreign diplomats
or people in government
would then tell the secrets of
what's going on in their lives,
because, of course,
you want to be
able to clear that
with Scientology.
And then, according to the
son of L. Ron Hubbard, who
wrote about this--
this is in his book--
they would use that material
and blackmail these diplomats.
So we can see that
right down here
in the third house, spycraft.
There was spying going on,
intelligence gathering.
It's what he did in the Navy.
He couldn't stop doing it.
This is Wernher von Braun.
He is slightly older than Jack
Parsons and L. Ron Hubbard.
He becomes Jack Parsons' mentor.
Not only was he Jack
Parsons' mentor.
He's was also Walt
Disney's mentor.
He comes here, of course, via
Operation Paperclip and Nazi
Germany.
And here we have the great
phallic representations
of the 20th century, our great
rockets, powered by the Saturn
V and some of Jack Parsons'
technology, obviously.
Look at those penetrating eyes.
Let's look at his chart.
What is he?
He's an Aries, two degrees.
And I was just
sharing here earlier
that his two degrees Aries
Sun is at the same degree
as the date the Georgia
Guidestones were consecrated.
Hunter and I were talking about
this before this shoot started.
So that's kind of interesting.
But you can definitely see
the Aryan Aries influence
in his chart, 11th house,
the world of tomorrow.
There's his true node,
and it's conjunct Mercury.
He's a man with a mission, and
he certainly surrounded himself
with some very talented proteges
in Jack Parsons and Walt
Disney.
That's the 11th house.
And here, of course, we see
again on the ascendant Gemini,
just like Jack Parsons had
on the ascendant, but Mars
and Pluto.
And you can see that Mars in
those eyes, a very strong Mars
presence, somebody
who wants to, again,
change the world in a very
visceral, almost physical
fashion with that
Mars-Pluto conjunction.
And then there's the
square to the Sun.
This man did not
suffer fools gladly.
He was one intense dude.
And then we see some more
Aquarius here on the Midheaven.
This is a theme we've
been seeing, right?
The theme is Aquarius
on the Midheaven,
a lot of these characters and
a lot of these situations.
Alright, so let's move on
here and go to the next slide.
Here's Jack Parsons
hanging out in the desert
with some rockets,
blowing things up.
Now I put together some symbols
and some interesting kinds
of connections here with
the Babalon Working.
So this is the
yantra that they use.
So they would have been
inside of this yantra.
And the angles of the yantra
are all at 51.51 degrees.
And there are seven angles.
So 7 times 51.51, you
get 360 degrees .57,
which is 360 degrees, the
number of the ancient calendar.
It was a 360-degree calendar,
but five days were tacked on.
And then it's also the
circumference of the zodiac,
so 360, 360 degrees of wisdom,
the actual wheel itself.
And this is where
it all took place.
Now because of this, they were
connected to the timeline.
They were connected
to the place,
and they were connected to
the original timeline, the 360
degrees, the 360
days of the Sphinx
and the connection to not
just Egypt but even Babalon.
Babalon means baby lion.
That's what it means,
baby lion, little lion.
And lions are interesting,
because on one hand
they're symbols of Christ,
like in Aslan the lion, right?
He's a symbol of Christ.
But they can also
be terrible animals,
and they can tear you
from limb to limb.
So the lion has kind of a
dualistic energy as well.
So baby lion equals Babalon.
There is the Sphinx,
and over here we
have some images of Baast,
the cat god of Egypt.
So we're starting to look at
hybridization, because there's
the anthropomorphic promotion
of gods and deities in Atlant--
I'm sorry.
In Atlantis as
well, but in Egypt.
And I actually believe
that these hybrids existed,
and I don't think that they
were figments of imagination.
I believe that they
actually existed,
and they were either
from other planets
or interdimensional or actually
hybrid refugees from Atlantis.
But I like this 1970s
kind of jumpsuit
with the athletic socks thing
going on here with Baast,
the cat god of Egypt.
So Baast actually means beast.
So what they're
trying to do here,
by the way, with the
Babalon Working is they're
trying to bring forth this
goddess energy, the return
of the goddess,
which is the baby
lion, half human,
half lion, the head
of a human with
the body of a lion.
OK?
And so what two signs
do they represent,
the human and the lion, the
head and the body of the lion?
We're going to figure that
out real quickly here.
This is the Babalon Working.
This is kind of a rough sketch
for the Babalon Working.
It was the first three months
of 1949, hence Libra 49.
And the three signs
that it went through
were Capricorn,
Aquarius, Pisces.
I'm thinking that
it might have gotten
into a little bit of Aries as
well, only because of a degree
that I found here.
So this is the third
quadrant of the chart.
It's the final
stage of the chart.
It's the final phase
of zodiacal completion.
Now I believe that they chose
these months specifically
because of the representation
between Capricorn, Aquarius,
and Pisces.
Saturn was in the sign
of Virgo at that time,
and it was six
degrees retrograde.
So Saturn is now
moving backward.
It's a return, right?
That's what retrograde means.
It's a return.
So they're using
the Saturn energy
all the way through
this three-month ritual
to go backwards, to go
backwards in time and space
to channel the spirit of
Babalon or the baby lion.
Now this is an
interesting sculpture.
These started to
show up in Europe
anywhere between 1600 to 1800.
This is in La Granja, Spain.
And of course, we see
the head of a woman
and the body of a lion.
She's a representation
of a lion goddess.
She's the goddess, right?
This is what she looks like.
And the Sabian symbol for
seven Virgo, which I thought
was interesting--
because you always
go up one degree with
the Sabian symbols.
You go to the next degree-- so
the Sabian symbol for 7 Virgo
is a harem.
It's not quite a classic harem.
But what they're
doing is something
outside the bounds of
kind of social order
and social agreement.
And it's not quite a harem, but
it's kind of in that territory.
Now what's fascinating
here is again it
starts off in Saturn in
Virgo six degrees retrograde.
What does Virgo represent?
Virgo represents the head.
It represents rationality.
It resents being able to make
lucid choices, very human,
right?
Now where is Saturn
going if it's retrograde?
It's going to go
back into what sign?
It's going to go back
into Leo, the lion.
So here we have
Saturn retrograde.
It started on the
1st of January,
but it goes to 0 degrees
Virgo on 3/23/49.
OK?
And remember that.
Remember the 0 degree Virgo.
We're going to talk about
this on the next show,
if you keep following along
here, because this degree has
ramifications for the future.
Mars in Aries goes to
0 degrees on 3/22/49.
So we're seeing Virgo go to
its 0 degree going backwards.
We're seeing Mars go into its
rulership with Aries on 3/22,
and a lot of energy
with Mars in Aries.
And Jupiter goes into
Aquarius on 4/13/49.
So we're seeing moving planets
here and the accumulation
of energy as theoretically
they go deeper into this.
But what happens and
what's really interesting
is that on 4/4/49 Saturn
goes retrograde into Leo.
So it starts here in Virgo,
and then theoretically it
ends here in Leo.
So you can see the
astrological flow
taking place in the
Babalon Working.
Now what happens as
a result of this?
Oh, that's Marilyn Monroe.
One of the things
that's been talked
about as a result of the moonlet
or the birth of the goddess
through the Babalon
Working is that we
have the scarlet woman
or the lady in red
or the Whore of
Babalon, which becomes
a prominent symbol
in the 20th century.
And not long after
this ritual takes
place, Marilyn Monroe,
famous lady in red character,
Gemini, pops onto the scene.
Marilyn Monroe has kind
of a very troubled past.
Of course everybody
knows her as Norma Jean
before she became
Marilyn Monroe.
But apparently she actually
met Anton LaVey at a piano bar.
I think it was somewhere
in Ohio or Kansas
or someplace in the Midwest.
And she was a singer, and
she hooked up with him,
and she sang with him.
And so her connections
to the occult world
early on are pretty interesting.
But she's the
first manifestation
of the lady in red or,
for lack of a better term,
more coarse terms,
the Whore of Babalon,
or the feminine
symbol of Babalon.
And of course she was also
part of the Kennedy timeline
as well.
Here's another
interesting modern symbol
for the lady in red.
This is from the movie,
of course, "The Matrix."
And it's a very
interesting scene
inside the matrix that's
been programmed, by the way.
And she's there to
amuse the programmer
but also to try to make
sure that Neo doesn't lose
his concentration
and focus, which
he does for just a little
bit inside the matrix,
inside the program.
So this is kind of a
fascinating representation
of the lady in red
or the scarlet woman,
to not be distracted by
it, to keep your focus.
Here's another one.
Oh, yeah, this is Dana Barrett,
also known as Sigourney Weaver
from the movie "Ghostbusters,"
where she is now really kind
of the cinematic
manifestation literally
of the moonlet expression or
the channelling of the moonlet.
Through this movie
"Ghostbusters," of course
she's channeling Gozer,
the ancient Sumerian deity,
and they're on top of the
Roerich building in New York
City.
And Nicholas Roerich, of
course, is the great mystic,
in some ways.
Some people thought he was
a con man as well, but kind
of an interesting
and powerful guy
that was very much a part of
the occult and magical evolution
of the 20th century.
He was an artist, a painter,
and a lot of other things.
He probably was also a spy.
But anyway, that's on
the Roerich building.
That was built for him.
And there she is,
another manifestation
of the lady in red or
the scarlet woman or the,
quote, unquote
"Whore of Babalon"
cinematically portrayed.
By the way, she does
give birth to kind
of her own sort of alien
multi-dimensional creature in,
I think it's "Aliens 3."
So she eventually does
what she theoretically
is supposed to do as
this representation
of the lady in red.
But of course it's
a different film.
And here we have Joan,
one of the more modern
and contemporary versions
of the same woman.
Of course, she's in "Mad Men"
and a classic lady in red.
And what's fascinating about
her is the subtle kinds
of overtones that are
associated with her
and the whole notion of
the Whore of Babalon.
Because there are
a couple things
that Joan does
inside of "Mad Men"
that really kind of
consecrate this title.
One of the things she does
is she sleeps with this man.
This is Roger.
His name is Roger Sterling.
And she has his baby.
She has Roger's baby.
So Roger is going
to give her money.
They're not married.
She has his baby.
He's going to giver her money.
He's going to give her
some support, right?
Roger is slang for fornication.
That's what Roger means.
And Sterling, of
course, is silver,
which is the devil's currency.
That's what Judas sold Jesus
out for is 40 pieces of silver.
So we have Roger
Sterling, and she
has a relationship with him, not
only a relationship but a baby.
And she also, by the
way, sleeps with a client
and gets a part of
the partnership.
So now she's on equal
footing with the men.
So she's a very interesting
contemporary figure
as it relates back
to the Babalon
Working and the invocation of
the goddess, the Great Goddess
that Cameron and Parsons and L.
Ron Hubbard were involved in.
Now of course there's
this trickle-down theory
in all things of life, including
advertising and marketing.
Because, hey, wouldn't you
want to be a lady in red?
Sure, why not?
There's a hair tip.
A professional shampoo and
set may sound old-fashioned,
but it gives hair a
long-lasting lift.
Makeup tip?
Makeup was matte in those
days, including lipsticks.
But if yours are all gloss,
then just apply, blot,
and take the shine off with a
little bit of dusting powder.
Of course, the clothes: red
dress, medium and small.
You can get that
for a pound 39.50.
And then the style tip.
Christina favors jewel colors:
red, green, purple that ooze
confidence.
So if you want to be a
lady in red in waiting
or just a lady in
red in general,
if you want to embody the
spirit of the goddess all
the way from Babalon,
there's your outfit.
So we've gone full
circle, really.
We started with Jack
Parsons and introducing him.
And now here we have the
manifestation to the masses.
Now in the next episode of
"The Eleventh House," what
we're going to do is we're
going to move forward,
and we're going to get into
some very interesting details
as to how the Babalon Working is
affecting us right here and now
and where it's going to
be affecting us possibly
even a year from now.
So don't miss the next episode,
"Babalon Working 2," here
on "The Eleventh House."
I'm Robert Phoenix, and
thanks for tuning in.